Wow, I forgot how beautiful it is around here.
It just seems smaller now.
You were only seven last time we were here, Meg.
Yeah, I wish I could go back.
I didn't come here to say I told you so.
And I'm not here to judge you.
So you came here to change my mind?
Sweetie, you're not seven anymore.
You have to make your own choices.
That's right. I'm choosing to be happy.
I made plenty of mistakes.
But I'm ready to move on.
When you think this divorce is going to help you move on?
Yes.
I didn't set the best example spiritually.
I didn't take the lead like I should have.
And I'm really sorry for that.
Dad, you don't have to...
No, Megan.
I've been doing a lot of praying about your mother and me.
About you.
I've decided I need to do better spiritually.
So I'm starting now.
I don't think I understand what do you mean.
Before you go through with this divorce.
Let me ask you one question.
What is it that brought you to this moment?
I don't know. I guess Zach wasn't the one.
No, sweetheart.
You made a choice.
You chose Zach.
And did you include Jehovah in that choice?
Probably not.
And now you're unhappy.
Dad, I know all this.
Meg, look, here's the point.
You're about to make another huge decision.
And who's not being included in that?
Sweetheart, happiness is always going to elude you.
If you keep leading Jehovah out of the picture.
You just don't get it.
You'd be surprised, Meg.
Yeah, I doubt it.
What do you see when you look at your mother and me?
You guys love each other.
We do.
But our marriage isn't perfect.
No marriage is.
It's made up of two imperfect people.
A sweetie.
A love centered on Jehovah.
It takes those two imperfect halves.
And makes them one flesh.
But what do I have to make the sacrifice?
Because you made the vow.
The key loves me anymore.
Maybe he thinks the same about you.
Reach out to him.
Trust him, Jehovah.
So you did come here to change my mind.
No, sweetheart.
I'm here because I love you.
Love is patient and kind.
Does not look for its own interest.
Does not become provoked.
It does not keep account of the injury.
It bears all things.
Believes all things.
Hopes all things.
Indoors all things.